Add docs with investigation data (#1586)
guardian/media-atom-maker: docs/12-investigating-speed-of-the-pipeline.md

# Pipeline Speed Investigation

## Context

Media Atom Maker supports video uploads. In the majority of cases the videos that get uploaded are pretty small
and don't take much time to upload. However, we also have examples of videos taking a long time to upload when
videos are a larger size. This can be a frustrating user experience, especially since a user needs to keep the

> tab open until the video upload has happened. The use case for large video uploads are expected to increase

Reviewer: nitpick (or is it `The use case is expected to increase`?)
```suggestion
tab open until the video upload has happened. The use cases for large video uploads are expected to increase
```

as there are plans to publish more long form video podcasts.

## Metrics

> The following charts shows a sample of videos that were uploaded to PROD that took longer than 5 minutes to load

Reviewer: nitpick:
```suggestion
The following charts show a sample of videos that were uploaded to PROD that took longer than 5 minutes to load
```

## YouTube API

The YouTube API has [Resumable Uploads](https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/guides/using_resumable_upload_protocol?_gl=1*b13837*_up*MQ..*_ga*MTA1MzU0MzcyOS4xNzgxMTg4MTQy*_ga_SM8HXJ53K2*czE3ODExODgxNDIkbzEkZzAkdDE3ODExODgxNDIkajYwJGwwJGgw)
which enable to user to be able to send a file and be able to resume the upload from the last good point.

The current architecture of Media atom maker uses [Upload In Chunks](https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/guides/using_resumable_upload_protocol?_gl=1*b13837*_up*MQ..*_ga*MTA1MzU0MzcyOS4xNzgxMTg4MTQy*_ga_SM8HXJ53K2*czE3ODExODgxNDIkbzEkZzAkdDE3ODExODgxNDIkajYwJGwwJGgw#Uploading_Chunks)

The benefit of using a chunking approach is that the upload to s3 step can be parallelized with uploading to YouTube.

However, the advice from the docs states:
```This approach is rarely necessary and is actually discouraged because it requires additional requests, which have performance implications. However, it might be useful if you are trying to display a progress indicator on a very unstable network.```

In order to validate whether the approach we are using to upload to YouTube is significantly more time consuming

> than the recommended way of using the API without chunks an experiment was run in the CODE environment.

Reviewer: Very much just a suggestion, but I wonder if this might be a bit easier to follow?
```suggestion
than the recommended way, we ran an experiment in the CODE environment.
```
